Inspecting URLs
File extensions,
which are sometimes a part of a URL,
can reveal the programming language
the application was written in.
Some of these, like .php,
are straightforward,
but other extensions are more cryptic and
vary based on the frameworks in use.
For example, a Java-based web application
might use .jsp, .do, or .html.
However, file extensions on web
pages are becoming less common
since many languages and frameworks
now support the concept of routes,
which allow developers to
map a URI to a section of code.
Applications leveraging routes use logic
to determine what content
is returned to the user
and make URI extensions
largely irrelevant.